SSD1325 documentation update for grayscale support (#596)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/display/ssd1325.rst

- **pages** (*Optional*, list): Show pages instead of a single lambda. See :ref:`display-pages`.
- **id** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-id`): Manually specify the ID used for code generation.

Configuration examples
**********************

> As of version 1.15, ESPHome supports grayscale (and color) displays. To utilize the grayscale capabilities
> of this display module, you'll likely want to add a ``color:`` section to your YAML configuration; please see
> :ref:`color <config-color>` for more detail on this configuration section. As this is a grayscale display, it
> only uses the white color element (as opposed to red, green, and/or blue).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To utilize the grayscale capabilities of this display add a ``color:`` section to your YAML configuration; see
:ref:`color <config-color>` for more details. As this is a grayscale display, it only uses the white color element.
```

I don't see why we need to explain this is a new feature, docs should be about current version, unless we broke something may be, just may be

Reviewer: you're welcome to update the changelog to mention this

Author: Thanks @glmnet! I made this change and added another code example, as well.
